Okay. Fantastic. So now,
we have made sure that we have enough Ether in our Rinkeby address
by asking it from one of the public faucets,
and once we have everything set off,
we are absolutely ready to deploy our token or a token contracts to the Rinkeby network.
The way you do that is you do truffle, migrate.
I'm going to give a reset flag because I've deployed it already.
You do not have to do it if it's the first time.
Then, network, and then I'm going say Rinkeby.
So again, these are two hyphen reset and again hyphen, hyphen,
network and then Rinkeby, and hit Enter.
Now, this probably takes maybe a little bit less than a minute.
So, we're just going to sit and wait for this to go through,
and then soon enough,
we will have our address back.
This is the address of where the contract is deployed.
Okay. We are back now and then we have our contract deployed and if you see,
we get an address back.
So, this is the token address,
the name of the token was sampleToken,
that we picked, and then this is the address that we just deployed our contract to.
So, I'm going to copy this address and let me show you
how we can actually find it on Etherscan.
So, let's go to our Etherscan.
So, now let's go to Etherscan window.
I'm in rinkeby.etherscan.io, and I'm just zooming it for you all,
and I'm going to paste my token address.
The deployed address right there and I'm going to hit Enter.
Once I see that, you see I see this contract came with the hash deployed from my address.
If you see this is my metamask address, and this is,
just came in 53 seconds back in then it's all there.
Okay. So, fantastic.
So, now we can actually see, we can actually find our token and
our token contract on one of the public Etherscan sites.
Now, the way you transfer tokens from one address to
another address is you want to first of all
make sure that you add it to your own account.
So, we're going go to our metamask, right there,
and I'm going to go click on the side,
and I'm going to say Add Token.
I'm going to hit on Custom token.
I'm going to paste the token address that we got back.
See? If you see,
it automatically picks the symbol that we just
chose and if you see the balance is perfect.
This is the balance we chose, right?
Now, I'm going to say Add Tokens.
Fantastic. So, now, this token is added to my account.
So, now, I own these tokens.
Now, I can send this token to any other address and the way I do that,
let's go, if you don't have more accounts,
you can always create accounts. So, click here.
You can create a new account, if you want more accounts.
I do have accounts. I'm going to go on account two.
I'm going to copy this address.
So, what I'm doing is that I'm actually transferring
some tokens from one account to another account.
So, this is my account.
I'm going to say, copy this address.
I'm going to go back in my account one,
and I'm going to now transfer tokens. The way you do that?
You click on your tokens,
and then you say you want to send it,
and then I am already the one that's sending
it account one and I'm sending it to account two.
You can just pick it down from down here too or just paste it,
and now I want to say, let's say,
you just want to give 10 tokens away.
Okay, and then hit Next.
It's going to confirm the gas fee,
so hit on Confirm,
and just takes about maybe 20-30 seconds for this to go through,
and if you say it says pending for now,
and soon enough it's going to accept it and this is
exactly how you see it says confirmed transaction,
and so now, this account has 10 tokens because I need a phase.
If you see my balance went down by 10 tokens,
and if I go click on our account two.
Now, the way you would see that in this account,
you again, need to add the tokens to that, right?
So, go add that token,
with again, that token address.
In fact, we need that token address back.
So, let's go back to my window and pick the token address.
In fact, we can also get it from a terminal window.
So, this was the address.
Okay. Fantastic. So, now,
we have that, we have the token address.
Go to account two,
and I'm going to add a custom token.
This one and see it picks up the symbol again,
and if you see this has a balance of 10.
Fantastic. So, now this account has 10 tokens and
my account one has these many tokens because I sent away some tokens.
Fantastic. So, this is a fantastic week,
and send tokens to your friends, and,
now this is the exact same way that you would also use for any Mainnet or
just using Rinkeby but remember Mainnet just uses main Ether,
which is main money or real money.
So, this is just the way you would transfer from any address to another address.
It could be a Rinkeby address,
it could be a Coven address or it could be any of the Mainnet addresses too.
So, this is a fantastic project that we did to transfer tokens,
create your own tokens and also be able to
transfer tokens from one address to another address.